CNV-95174: virt: use new HCO field instead of a feature gate for persistentReservation (#117896)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-enabling-persistentreservation-web.adoc

// * * virt/virtual_machines/virtual_disks/virt-configuring-shared-volumes-for-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-enabling-persistentreservation-web_{context}"]

> = Enabling the PersistentReservation feature by using the web console

Reviewer: avoid gerunds in titles, use the imperative form instead
```suggestion
= Enable the PersistentReservation feature by using the web console
```

[role="_abstract"]

> You must enable the PersistentReservation feature to allow a LUN-backed block mode virtual machine (VM) disk to be shared among multiple virtual machines. Enabling the feature requires cluster administrator privileges.

Reviewer: spell out lun on first use so this module can stand alone, and many is preferred over multiple
```suggestion
You must enable the PersistentReservation feature to allow a logical unit number (LUN)-backed block mode virtual machine (VM) disk to be shared among many virtual machines. Enabling the feature requires cluster administrator privileges.
```

Author: not part of this PR, but sure. fixing.
